Add team application (#61)
rust-cloud-native/rust-cloud-native.github.io: README.md

You can customize the "watch" settings for this repository to keep up with issues and discussions.
We will be exploring other avenues for providing updates in the future.

## Governance

> The Rust Cloud Native GitHub organization's team members govern the course of the organization, but exist only to enable community voices and enact on community consensus.

Author: "govern" isn't the right word here. The team exists to enact upon community desires.

> It exists in a minimal capacity to represent the community _when needed_, and is volunteer-led.

Author: Bad use of pronoun in context of the previous sentence. "It" should mean the organization, not its members.

> Minimum "duties" include occasional PR and issue reviews as well as occasional involvement in team messaging platforms (e.g. our Discord sever).

Reviewer: I would propose extending that by:

```
Taking more "duties" is optional, but encouraged and may include activities like:
* organizing online (video and voice) meetups
* creating content like articles, blog posts about Rust Cloud Native
* maintaining a project which is officially affiliated with Rust Cloud Native; it is highly encouraged for new members to affiliate their maintained projects if they fit into cloud native space
* administration of GitHub organization and repository
* administration or moderation of Discord server
```

The bigger problem here to define is whether we would somehow differentiate the procedure of getting any kind of admin or moderator rights. No clear solution for me here for now, but I think it's something to consider.

Author: Good point. I'll refactor this to add examples like the above as well as the admin/moderator considerations. We should make it clear, those are in progress and will be decided as the team and community grows.

You can customize the "watch" settings for this repository to keep up with issues and discussions.
We will be exploring other avenues for providing updates in the future.

## Governance

The Rust Cloud Native GitHub organization's team members may help guide the course of the organization, but exist only to enable community voices and enact upon community consensus.
The organization team exists in a minimal capacity to represent the community _when needed_, and is volunteer-led.
Minimum "duties" include occasional PR and issue reviews as well as occasional involvement in team messaging platforms (e.g. our Discord sever).

> Takin ong more "duties" is optional, but encouraged and may include activities such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking on more "duties" is optional, but encouraged and may include activities such as:
```

- organizing online (video and voice) meetups
- creating written content (e.g articles and blog posts about Rust Cloud Native
- maintaining a project which is officially affiliated with Rust Cloud Native (it is highly encouraged for new members to consider affiliating their maintained projects that fit the "cloud native Rust" criteria)

> - administration of GitHub organization and repository

Reviewer: We still need to figure out a good procedure of becoming an admin. Voting? I don't want to block a PR with that, but that's definitely something we need to make clear later.

Reviewer: #64

Author: I added a link to this issue. That should suffice for the scope of this PR.
